What is your background in?

My background is pretty colorful. I studied video productions from as early as I possibly could all the way through college, and after that I worked professionally in that field for over 2 years. I had many other jobs to accommadate for this lifestyle due to the small scope of film oppurtunities in Idaho. I worked in some sort of retail for most of my career as well as security and food service. After 2020 happened and my life needed a drastic redirect. I came upon Codeworks where I learned full stack software development in just 3 short months. It has afforded me a great deal of knowledge and I look forward to where it can take me in the future.

What are some accomplishments you want to share? What is the value you can bring?

As I stated, I went through a fullstack software development course in 3 short months, which is an incredibly difficult thing to do. That alone stands a fantastic accomplishment for myself and anyone who graduated from the course. I created an outstanding portfolio to show all of the skills I acquired and all of the languages that I learned. In the film industry side of things I also worked with Hollywood Actors, Directors, Producers, Writers, Makeup designers, and more who all gave me knowledge I only dreamed of obtaining when I was a kid. I have been very fortunate in my adult career and I don't take that for granted. I value challenges, team building environments, learning new ways of tackling challenges, and a positive work environment to keep me motivated and fresh.

What are your career goals or aspirations?

My career goals are to find a work environment that fits my values. I want a place that will give me challenges while also giving me tools to succeed. I want to find a place that I can work as a team to solve complex problems. I'd love to still be able to pursue my passion of filmmaking as well as I also still do wedding, event, recreational, and aerial videography. I want to keep collecting skillsets that make me stand out in a crowd and the only way to do that is to learn everything that I can and be the best I can in every field.

Give me an example of a time you faced a conflict while working on a team. How did you handle that?

I was working to build a full stack application in two weeks with a peer group and there were a few people in the group who did not see eye to eye on things. At one point I became very irrate at the varying opinions and ideas that were clashing over a project that had a leader, who was not myself, and a clear set of goals. I had to excuse myself from the room during a planning meeting because it was getting too heated and we were all tired. Later after some rest and food we all got back together and we addressed the elephant in the room immediately so there would be no harsh feelings towards anyone and afterwards we worked together just fine.

Describe a time when you had to interact with a difficult client. What was the situation, and how did you handle it?

There was a time when I worked in retail that I had to address a guest who accused one of my cashiers of "stealing" money from him. His complaint was simple enough and reasonable to start with. He said that the cashier gave him the severely wrong change and essentially "stole" I believe it was $40+ from him. I said "Ok, not a problem, we have a security camera that is powerful enough to read a drivers license name from the counter of the cashiers so we will get to the bottom of this." I called security to look at the video and they reported that the correct change was given since the cashier counted the money very clearly on the footage. The guest demanded a till count to which I said it was not an option since the tills are counted electronically at night as a whole. I offered to report to him our findings if the tills were off the next day and to reimburse him if it was the case. This was when he started to insult our workforce very loud and graphically as a whole, in front of the security officer as well. I calmly asked him to not insult anyone any further or he would need to be removed from the premisis. To which he only got angrier and more hyper verbal. At this point I asked security to take over and I walked away from the situation knowing there was nothing more that I could do. 

Tell me about a time you failed. How did you deal with the situation?

The last time that I failed was during my film career. I was assigned to be the first assistant director, which meant I had to essentially run the set that I was on. I had no experience at this position and I was a wreck trying to figure it out. I failed on many accounts actually. I didn't send an important schedule to one of the lead actors, I didn't have proper first aid setup in the location, and I let the crew push me around with the schedule until it became a mess. I took it very hard, but then I told myself that I had never done this before and I wasn't supposed to know everything. I needed to learn what to do and what not to do. I took it as a hard lesson and it made all of the things that went wrong something that I would never overlook again.

Give me an example of a time you managed numerous responsibilities. How did you handle that?

Most of the jobs that I have ever had have been managing teams and tasks. For example I worked retail during the holiday season at one of the most popular chain stores in the country. I was working Christmas Eve as a manager and it was my job to get everyone on my crew their breaks, manage guest relations, help run the guest services desk, and handle cash flow. I went into it knowing it would be a very difficult task. In fact I made it into a worse task than I ever imagined. So when I actually entered my work day I took everything one at a time and solved as many problems as I could and made sure my team was still standing. At the end of the day many of them thanked me for my focus on them and congratulated me for just getting through the day. 

Give me an example of a time you were able to be creative with your work. What was exciting or difficult about it?

I was given many projects to do in my time at Codeworks. None was more of a creative freespace than my capstone entitled Timber. I spent two weeks styling the app. I started with the basics of what I knew from class in terms of style and then I challenged myself to go further. I made the logo which I had no idea how to do. I styled buttons in my own unique ways. I made forms more appealing by tearing them apart and really getting to know how they worked. The crown achievement was that I took information assigned to a weather forecast and created an animated interface taht would update accordingly. The fun part was the challenge of it.



I can prepare for an interview better by going back to old projects and making sure that I know what I am talking about in interviews. I'm sure that everyone will do that, so I will more than likely build the projects over again to really drive it in. I will also research who I am interviewing with as much as I can. The other thing that I will do to standout is research back to my college years and study my speach class material and the methods used to keep calm under pressure and how to collect yourself and not come off as anxious.

5 questions

What kind of culture do you proomote here?
Where do you see my skill level at in 6 months if I were to work here? 1 year?
How team oriented is the workforce?
How do you support individuals to reach their full potentials?
If I were to struggle with a task given to me will there be a clear way for me to get the help I need?
